{So there are two types of
pictures that you will see in
our norming study. The first
item that you will see is part
of a graphic novel.}
{They are just a series of
pictures that tell a story.
Describe what you see and what
is happening as you go through
it.}
{Each story has varying pages,
so they're not all the same
links. Please just aim between
10 and 15 minutes as you tell
the story.}
{And the first one it's around
20 pages and you can start when
you're ready, OK?}
{Do I need to read that story?
Yeah. And the the words are just
they don't matter really.}
#START_journey OK, it's it's it
looks like a city. There are
two, two kids high, five in each
other, ones on a bicycle.
And then there's a little boy
riding a skateboard or little
girl riding a skateboard, and
there's a mailbox and there's a
light post.
And the story is for Josephine.
And there's a little boy with a
chalk in his hand. Looks like
he's getting ready to write
something the building has.
18 19 20 windows at least on it
with a couple of doors.
Next to the building, there's a
fire hydrant.
Behind that there's a lot of
other buildings got Sky rises,
they look like, and then there's
a little girl with the scooter
and she looks so sad, looks like
no one wants to play with her
and she's the boys over there
are having and the girls are
having so much fun and she feels
like she's left out.
In the next building.
There's a man working at his
desk. He's studying hard, he's
looking at his computer and
working away.
And then there's a little living
room with a staircase and a coat
rack and a mirror and a lamp and
two pictures and little end
table with some books on it and
a plant. And then there's a mom.
She's in the kitchen and looks
like she's cooking dinner.
And looks like she might be on
the phone cooking dinner. And
there's an oven and some
drawers, 4 drawers and some
cooking items on the countertop.
And so she has a little spice
rack up there with several items
on there and down below her when
no one wants to go, it looks
like it's a water heater and the
heater for the whole apartment
building. And then there's a
water tunnel which shows where
the water goes and cycles in and
out.
It's all under the city there,
and that's when, if there's a
fire, they get the water from
underneath there and there's a
traffic light up there and it's
on. It's a red right now, and
there's an arrow pointing to
cross the street, but for the
opposite direction of course,
because you can't go in the red.
Up on top of there's a bird in
the sky.
Then up on top of one of the
buildings that looks like it
might be a some kind of bird
statue up there, and then along
the sidewalk down below behind
the fire hydrant, there are two
or three trees.
And there's clouds in the sky.
{Alright. And you keep going.
You're good, OK.}
And in this picture, the moms
cooking dinner, she is on the
phone. The sad little girl came
in the house with her red
scooter. Looks like she might
want to help mom get dinner
ready, but Mom's kind of
ignoring her because she's on
the phone and then the little
girl goes to her dad and he's
working away on his computer.
She's trying to get his
attention, wants to go fly a
kite, but she can't because he's
studying away and ignoring her.
And then she goes, I guess it's
her sister on a couch, but she's
playing video games. She wants
her to play with her, but nobody
wants to play with her. It's
kind of sad that she goes to her
room and she's in her bed, very
sad. And her bed is sailboats on
it, and she has a map on her
desk and she has a Kitty on the
floor and her papers are on the
floor and the trash can and.
Dresser girl with four drawers
in it and a picture on her wall.
She was very sad.
She's still in her room even the
cat leaves the room. Probably
makes her even sadder.
Then uh, more papers are on the
floor. Actually, might have been
coloring.
Then she up there is coloring,
writing letters, and then she
looks like she's drawing a
magical draw on her wall. And
then she goes to the magical
door.
What's on the other side? It's a
magical red. It's a red door. It
takes her into a beautiful
forest with lights hanging
everywhere and lamps hanging
everywhere. It's so beautiful.
The river running through it.
Then there's a little kind of
like a pier that she goes into
the end of the pier on the river
and looks in the river and she
can see her reflection in the
river.
And then she leans over the
Little Pierre and draws. She
draws a boat and you there must
be a magical boat. And she gets
in the boat and takes off.
The boat is taking her to looks
like a giant castle just coming
up to the bridge and the castle.
The castle is just massive and
it has a Moat around it. So many
doors, so many windows, so many
towers, and it's just beautiful.
Ohh. She gave him a ride the
boat into the castle and the
guards are telling her stop I
think and they're all, they're
saluting her. They could be
waving, they could be
countertop. I think they might
be waving to her and the one of
them saluting her. And then
there's another boy and girl
down on another boat down below
and a couple more on the other
side over there paddling through
this wonderful castle.
And then she gets to the oh a
waterfall. Well, that'd be kind
of scary. I mean all of a sudden
you're boat comes little
waterfall down below. People are
watching her come down the
waterfall.
On their boats and all of a
sudden she draws, she draws, she
draws a string to catch herself.
Looks like a jump rope that
might catch her.
catch her, but hopefully it
does. Oh, she drew a hot air
balloon. That's what she was
drawing. And now she's waving
goodbye to the people at the
castle and she's flying away to
somewhere else to this, and
there's a strange thing in the
sky over there.
And other people will then looks
like a balloon type of machine
up there and a bird flying. So
they're up in the clouds very
high.
She's looking over and she sees,
she sees the people in the other
boat and there's more than one
boat. There's a couple of
balloon boats, and these people
look like they're trying to
catch the bird, but the bird
escaped from their cage. I see a
little bird cage in there, and a
bird must have escaped. So one's
holding on to the other, trying
to catch that bird.
Just see what happens.
And she flies over to this
strange contraption in the sky.
Looks like there's a bird in a
cage up there.
she is flying over to it.
Not sure what this contraption
is, but it flies in the air and
there's that bird statue on top
of it.
The balloon guys are in the
boat, floating around it.
And she gets off. Her balloon is
running, running towards the
door. And the machine. The crazy
machine.
up above the two guys are
guarding a bird.
And then she used climbing a
ladder up to the bird. She
climbed it all the way up, and
there are the two guards. They
can't see her because their
backs are to them. That's the
same tower that that was not a
bird was a dragon on top of it.
She runs and she gets the bird
and she's running away with it.
she is stealing the bird and
running and running and running
and all the guards are chasing
her. Then she let the bird go.
Yay. The bird is free
Ohh and then they capture though
ohh they catch her. What is she
going to do? In the bird cage is
empty and the main guards there
pointing off to where the bird
went now. Oh no.
What happened? They put her in
the cage instead of the bird.
Now she's stuck in the cage all
by herself.
Then the bird comes with her
crayon. Yay now she can do magic
again. Bird comes to save her.
So she's drawing another picture
with a bird on her shoulder and
the bird and her happy. Together
they look and he's the birds
watching her draw away.
Ohh, she drew a magic carpet.
She's flying away in a magic
carpet after the bird. The
bird's leading her and she's
following the bird so she
finally got away from the cage
they put her in.
And she's flying. All the stars
are out at night. It's so
beautiful. And she's still
following the bird. It looks
like they might be going to
another castle, or maybe the
same castle in a beautiful looks
like it might even be an island.
I don't know. We'll have to see.
Ohh there's a little pond tree
that the birds taking her to and
it has a door in it.
So she's going over to the door
with the birdie showing her.
And she opens the door, and the
bird flies through, and then she
follows the bird. And who knows
where this door goes to, though?
it takes her.
Looks like it's back to her
town, and there's a little boy
with a purple crayon that he's
been coloring. It looks like
it's his bird, and that looks
like she's found a friend.
Boy and her in the bird, and now
she's drawing something, a
circle. And the boy is watching
her and he draws a circle.
#END_journey Ohh, they made a
bicycle and the two of them are
riding off together and she's
happy now and the bird is
following them.
{OK, great. So that was the
story you talk about 10 minutes,
which is what we're aiming for.
That was good.}
{OK, so next is something
different. It will be a complex
scene.}
{Again, describe what you see
and what is happening as
thoroughly as possible, but take
between three and five minutes.}
{I know that's the part that
everyone's like, wow.}
#START_exhibit-12 This is a very
very busy, busy, busy, busy
place with many, many many many
people.
The Great Portrait exhibition.
So there's people, ladders,
drawing things. There's people
hanging above drawing things.
giant
Portraits are everywhere.
There's portraits of Cowboys is
portraits of older men and
women, there is portraits of
families and children. portraits
of couples there is portraits of
loved ones in their hearts. Many
people here. There's people
carrying portraits up the
stairs, lots of pictures, people
hanging pictures, pictures of
Cowboys, pictures of sailors,
pictures of men and business
suit. And then the crowd.
There's plenty of people and
they have masks.
Someone have mask on and then
lower level there's more
portraits are carrying up. This
is a quite the exhibit like
there's even little aliens in
there and people in costumes.
These pictures are upside down
pictures of clowns, people
fighting over pictures wanting
their picture up first pictures
of kings.
Pictures of everybody carrying
everything into this exhibit.
And the police are trying to get
somebody, but they're not even
able to get through because
there's so many people in the
crowd.
Beautiful. So many people are
drawing on the floor because
there's no more room to put a
hang pictures on the wall.
Pictures of horses and people
and oh, they're even putting up
wallpaper pictures. They're
little paintbrush.
This is just amazing. So many
people.
How many pictures? I don't think
I'd like this place. It's too
crowded for me.
Like crowds, you would love this
place.
There's a clown on the wall,
too.
isn't he amazing.
I see a nice fishing off of one
of the railings. I don't know
why he's fishing out there.
Maybe he's trying to catch a
picture. Maybe he's trying to
hang his picture from below.
Maybe. Maybe that's why. And
then one guy is trying to hang
his picture, but he's got it
upside down.
This is ohh, they're all so
silly.
#END_exhibit-12 Of the guy in a
boxing and boxer shorts and got
his boxing mitts on. He's ready
for a fight. He must really want
his picture hung. And there's a
lady there drawing a picture as
they speak through that crazy
crowd. She's just they're
drawing a picture of probably of
someone in the crowd.
{OK.
That was good. OK, moving on to
the next one. So it's a graphic
novel about 11 pages. Again,
describe what you see and what
is happening as we go through
the story.}
{And take between 10 and 15
minutes for this 11 page story.}
#START_flowerman It looks like a
small little town, the gas
station. There's a bar, there's
a bait shop.
Little bridge with a.
Little man walking across. It
looks like a little dog going
with him and has four light
posts, 2 on each side of the
bridge. I don't know if that's
his car, but there's a car that
ran off. The ravine is in a
ditch.
Could be water even down there,
because I see an anchor and I
see a boat where there used to
be water at least. And then
there's a a broken little pier
there that once was probably a
nice pier, but it's broken now.
In front of the bait shop
there's a old truck.
where  we could deliver the fish
and bait to people. There's a
little little guy walking down
the street, walking towards the
bait shops, probably going to
the bar.
Trash cans by him above the bait
shop somebody's home in their
house for the night.
And up above that, there's
another person in the window and
smokes coming out of the stack
of the chimney, and clothes are
hanging on the clothesline
between their house and another
house. And there's another
person in that house by the
truck. There's stairs that lead
all the way up to one door, and
then it leads you all the way up
to a second door.
Up there, there's a cat in the
window watching everything.
In the bar, there's a typical
barcel.
There's that little man that was
crossing the bridge with his
little dog, walking into town
now.
Can't quite make the name of
that store out. There's a store
there.
Just walk by with the clock on
top of it.
People are looking out the
window and there's more. There's
some curtains hanging in the
window over there and there's
other people in the corner
there. It's like a man yelling
at.
I don't know if that's his wife
or his friend.
Then there's a statue of a horse
with a guy riding it, and
there's another man sitting on
his balcony with his cat and he
looks very sad.
another guy out in front of the
cafe, just hanging out above the
cafe. It looks like there's a
bunch of people in there.
Maybe they're all eating up
there. That's their house, one
or the other.
And then there's several people
and several different windows.
All we know there's a person on
a motorcycle riding through
town. The little boy looks like
he's walking home.
OK.
Ohh, the little old man is still
in the picture. He's the only
one in color, by the way. The
whole picture is black and
white. He's in color and he sees
a little house and it's for
sale. Maybe he's interested in
it. It's like it's kind of run
down, but maybe it'll be nice
for him. Now we're on the
corner. There's a half a
Coca-Cola sign, a little man
sitting out there and a clock
and people up in their house
with a cat in the window and
looks like they're.
Just getting around, getting
ready for dinner and above them
is an older man, not looks like
he's reading a book across the
way. There are a couple of
people. There's a little boy way
up top.
Looks like almost like an attic
And he's got the door door
windows open and sitting there.
And then we come over to the
other house. A lot of people,
it's like a little baby in there
and mom. And then there's
another man who's by himself. He
looks like he's hot and he's got
the fan on and doesn't have a
shirt on, so he must be hot.
Then down below him, as a mom
looks like she's yelling at her
little boy, you must have did
something.
Gonna go over and.
Looks like a lady walking into a
shop, and up above that looks
like an artist getting painting,
painting, a picture. Another got
another window, another little
girl up there, another little
family. Then there's two two men
standing just hanging out
talking to each other. Another
little kid talking to an older
man, and then a little boy by
the fountain sitting by. It
looks like his dad with them.
OK.
Ohh. All of a sudden the man
bought the house and the house
turned the color and it was
beautiful. Beautiful. It's got a
lawn mower out front so he's cut
the grass, he's painted the
house, put new blue shutters on
it. Purple roof. It just looks
so pretty. Little girls watching
him work away.
Probably admiring the work he
has done, because everything
else is just in black and white.
The man in the scooter and a man
in a wheelchair with a broken
leg going down the Cobble Street
Road. A little girl and her
mother and a little boy and a
businessman walking, the little
man still sitting out front of
the Coca-Cola sign. The lady
waiting in front of the door.
Woman up there just watching
everybody, I think, and the
beautiful tree came to color.
Must be in his yard, because
everything in his house is
beautiful.
Everybody's in their house just
doing the same thing.
Oh, and then the little girl
that's watched him is now turned
to color.
Probably because the woman must
have talked to her, gave ohh he
gave her a flower, so she turned
to color. Everybody else is
still black and white.
They're running, but they're
holding on to a little girl.
People are still in their homes.
The painter is sitting on the
edge now. I don't think he could
think of what he should paint.
The delivery guy is there at his
door.
The boy still by the fountain
and the man pushing selling
something.
Ohh, and now there's more people
with color talent. One side is
starting to color up.
Happiness to this town give
another person a flower and they
turned the color and the boy
next to him is still but in
black and white. And the little
girls in color and little boy in
color another little girl in
color the gentleman by the light
post in color little girl and
her grandpa in color the sign by
the Coca-Cola guys in color now.
And the woman upstairs is in
color and the old man's in color
and then went up in the way up
high he's in color. And the
other two.
Those are in color. We still
have some more black and white
on the other side and they look
sad, except the man is taking a
bath. That's what he's doing
with the fan on, and he's in
color now.
below in color.
The movers and shakers are looks
like they're moving out, moving
on. I don't know where they're
going. The little boy by the
fountains in color and the
artist has color now.
Right now, because he has a
flower.
And a little delivery man. And
they're man. They're all coming
to color. The town is slowly
coming alive again. So
beautiful.
And he's colored the whole town
now. The milkman structures all
colored up. All the people are
in color.
New people are there. The guy in
the bathtub still happens,
taking a long bath, and he's
happy.
up above the families up there,
and they're so happy in color
and the artist actually can
paint a picture. Now that he's
happy, he knows what the paint.
And the mother's there all happy
in her car. Driving through the
town, the little boy got in the
fountain because he's so happy.
Little clown over there is
entertaining the little girl,
and the little boys are hugging
them. Looks like maybe their
dad. It's just a happy, happy
place. And everything is turned,
all the cobblestones even turned
to color.
Beautiful day.
And this, the man that was
taking a bath is now on the
roof, but he's got a towel on,
so that's a good thing.
And there's a couple up there
that that are in love, and
they're sitting on the rooftop
looking at the beautiful town.
And then Grandpa and the little
boy is looking at the Periscope,
and Grandpa and the little girl
are waving to everyone.
The three of you got more
colorful.
And the little man's in color
now under the Coca-Cola sign.
Yeah, woman and her boyfriend
are down there having fun and.
A little old man. That's a
little old man. That brought
color to the house, walking over
to the other old man and all the
kids are running and playing,
and even the guy with the broken
leg is out there trying to play
ball with the kids.
And the little girl. Girl and
her mom are by the fountain all
happy. The other little girl
that was way over there before
is way over here now all happy
too oh there's an older couple
that are really can see they're
still love and they're so happy.
Everybody is happy in this town
now.
It looks like we're back to this
other picture.
There's a guy by the store there
and another man.
And then the guy on the
motorcycle is in town handing
something to somebody and couple
of guys are hanging out there
and you see a couple of the mom
and dad and his son on the
balcony with flowers. They're
all happy to see a couple up
above the cafe and love you see
the light post, you see the
Cobblestone street is so
beautiful and all the different
colors.
Yeah, everything is in color and
everybody's in their house now.
Looks like it's been night time,
so they're all going home and
look happy now.
And then everything's in black
and white again.
Looks like he sold this house.
Everything turned black and
white and now everybody looks
sad again.
Don't know why he left and took
his magic with him. His little
dog and him are the only two
things left in color and
everyone shocked to see him go.
#END_flowerman Ohh that they
have a flower still so they
guess they can have still have
color even though the old man
left because he gave the little
girl flower and the man in the
window a flower. So I think the
color is going to come back
again. He left them the magic
flowers it gives the house
colors.
{OK, good. So that was this
story.}
{And then switching it up, we're
moving on to a complex scene.
Buckle up.
Ohh yeah.
Through the five minutes.}
#START_campsite Ohh Waldo in
France. Wake up Waldo. Friends,
have you ever seen mermaids in a
candle in a canal? Or flowers
painted over a tent or liner?
Hikers winding along the country
lanes? I have today was amazing.
Must be one of those fine Waldo
Pictures, but there's so much
going on.
At the top there are trailers,
many trailers with lots of
people visiting each other and
talking to each other and just
hanging out, having fun. There's
dogs as people up above, there's
people running and jogging, and
there's kids riding their bikes
and there's a road coming down,
Girl Scouts, and they're out
there having some kind of a
event that they're practicing.
No boys on the side and men are
fishing, they're catching
mermaids.
That's interesting.
A boat with men, muscle men and
their bathing suits. All the
girls are admiring them.
And there's a guy trying to go
under the bridge, and he's with
his stick, pulling the boat,
rowing the boat. The little
bridge hovers over the river and
people are all standing on the
bridge, watching the boats go
by, watching the Ducks go by.
then in the center here. There's
two bulls, I don't know if that
knowing and little boy, a man
trying to be a bullfighter, he's
pretty brave.
Then not sure what these people
are doing. They all have
backpacks that look like they
must have been on a very, very
long hike because they're laying
on the ground now, crawling
along like they don't have any
more energy or strength at all.
down below we have tents of
people living in the tents and
they're having cookouts and
they're having coffee and
they're having fun and they're,
they're out there. No one guys
tent collapsed. That didn't go
too well.
Pick that up. Another guy's
blowing up and either maybe a
canoe or something he's blowing
up. But there even Indians there
in their little tipi.
Little boys running off from mom
and dad going I wanna go play.
There's more girls admiring the
muscle guys. Ohh there's a man
changing and all the kids caught
him. They pulled back the tent
curtain. Ohh you can see him in
his underwear all embarrassed
And then there there's another
guy putting a stakes in the
ground. Get his tent to stay up.
And the different types of
people out here, some are really
dressed up.
Some are, like crawling along
those backpackers. They're
tired. Some have binoculars.
Some are couples. Some are
families.
And now the leader of the hikers
at the backpacks wants them to
go further. And they're all
like, no, we can't go any
further. They'll make us walk. I
can't anymore. We're tired.
Somebody's feeding birds out
there and look doggy.
And.
I'm not sure what those scouts
are doing. There's more people
with the map trying to figure
out which way to go.
#END_campsite As far as those
backpackers, they must be the
stragglers at the end because
they're just down here. Haven't
got way over here yet. Yeah, so
long way to go.
{We did yet, yes, we're good
now.}
{OK, so one more complex scene.
Wait.
OK, there we go.}
#START_make_a_splash OK, this
looks like a fun place. Looks
like water Power Pack pack park.
Going down the different slides,
some slides are like through
tunnels and some slides are just
open. So much fun. {I've been on
water slides before. They are so
much fun and the kids are just
having too much fun in there.}
And there's a big yellow kind a
little boys crawling on he's
squirting water and all the kids
riding by on their rafts. All
fun a second raft river that
they're all floating down. Get
their little boy, the squirt
gun, squirt and the rest of
them. And some girls are out
there sunbathing, people are
swimming.
Everywhere.
People have big floaties that
they're on. All they've been
here is 123456 water slide all
the same. So six people thinking
don't go down at once. Big
dragon up there and a big boat
for the kids to play on. And
there's a slide off the boat
too. How much fun is that? And
of course there's water
squirting on somebody from the
boat too. Little boy up there
squirting a kid of the head of
another kid.
{We're staying on one slide
here. Yes, just one. OK,
alright.}
The girl in a bikini and a boy
trying to talk to her. I don't
think she looks nice.
So many people waiting to go on
the slides.
I don't know how they're not
crashing into each other. So
many going at one time. It's
always there's 2 girls riding
together at the same time, all
fun. I see a Penguin on one of
the slides. How do he sneak in
there?
And we're going down their
stomach and some are sitting up
and then they're just splashing
into the water.
Going in a lot of times they're
going in head first and there's
a lifeguard there.
She's talking to a boy and I
don't think she's paying
attention to the people.
She's busy talking to a cute
boy.
That at the river Raft is so
much fun.
{I want to be the boy squirting
everybody so.}
Well, there's a couple more
lifeguards down there. They're,
they're watching out. There's a
mom with their little baby. How
cute in the water. Then there's
a giant ball thing. It's like a
shower. It rains on the kids and
they're loving it. Running out
of all that pouring water down
on them. This looks like a
really fun water park.   { I
wish I could go here to this
water park. It's so much fun
all. } And there's little
stepping stones that you can go
across, go out to this little
thing that goes out into the
water, and then you go on
stepping stones and.
That it stay on him looks like
it's kind of hard because a lot
of the kids are falling off of
them into the water, but that is
that is so much fun.
there's a kid, he's even on the
Dragon tail, having fun. And the
Dragon, Dragon pouring water out
of his mouth too to squirt,
everyone. Plenty of places to
get wet in this little park.
There's a cannon on the ship
that shoots water too.
the kids are climbing up the the
the the ship ropes.
Probably going up to the the
nest up there where they can see
a better view of everyone on
there's a girl on the other side
squirting people too. So much
fun.
Oh, there's another lifeguard.
She's standing there watching.
Good, because this one down here
is flocking to the boy. So I'm
glad this one, they're paying
attention to the kids.
So many things. I think it would
be hard to drown here because
there's too many people.
Somebody would see you, I think.
#END_make_a_splash And help you.
{OK, well, let's take a break.
We'll come back.}
{At 3:45.
That's what we just did.
And then moving on, you're going
to see another one page complex
scene and just describe it in
between 3 to 5 minutes.
Ohh, learning games in ancient
Rome? This ought to be
interesting.}
#START_ancient_rome Looks like
the Colosseum.
Plenty of people are watching.
But over in the corner the Lions
have decided to dogpile each
other up and get up to the
stands, and they're after the
people, so all the people are
running away from them because
the lions are getting out of the
Colosseum. How scary is that
being chased by lions? He's even
got a hold of one person's toga,
so they're running really fast
with their lives.
The rest of the crowd is still
watching on and then over. In
the other corner must be the the
Roman Emperor and his Princess
and queen are drawn in front of
him, protecting him.
And there's some guys with some
mopes. Oh, there they are oh how
did the lion get over there,
another lion over there, either
after it, the lions are out
everywhere, chasing all the
people.
Some have whips, some have
swords and they're fighting each
other.
Some are dead laying on the
floor already. There are a lot
of them have died already
because there's a bunch of sword
fighters down there.
Lot of people are hurt and a lot
of people are laying there dead
and then there's some Chariots
with horses.
Oh, this is different. Usually
the men are running the
Chariots. This time the horse is
running the men. They are the
horses, and then the regular
chairs behind him.
Then the other guy is falling
out of his chariot and the
horses are dragging him along.
And then oh the lions got
somebody down there too, where
those lions are really devouring
everybody.
And the people are hurt
everywhere. {I don't think I'd
like this games. I don't think
these are games. }These are like
everybody's getting hurt and
everybody's getting killed in
these games.
And people are giving them
thumbs down. They're not
cheering.
Again, thumbs down for
everybody, I guess. I don't like
the fights. I don't think the
fights are just interesting
enough. That is different.
There's lions. The lions in the
crowd are giving them thumbs
down even.
There's a man, he's getting
totally dragged by his horses.
The other one was getting
dragged by the chair, but this
guy's got the chariots and it's
only the horses dragging him.
And then the lots of swords and
and and Shields laying
everywhere.
One guy kapow one guy, really
hard on this. Some javelin guys
in there too, and throwing
javelins at people.
And one's riding on another
one's back.
Boy, what a place. What a mess.
Looks like. Total chaos in here.
Like the lions. Oh, I totally
escaped they. Somebody left all
the lions out.
And another man dragging another
man off and he's trying to grab
into the dirt, but he can't, his
hands are slipping. This is just
total chaos.
#END_ancient_rome What a mess.
{We can go on to the next one.
Alright, so this is another
story about 20 pages.
And as you go through the story,
just describe what you see,
what's happening.
Um, we're aiming for between 10
and 15 minutes for it.}
#START_return And this is
dedicated to his parents, for my
parents.
There's one building. Ohh, I
think it looks like the building
we saw earlier, the street light
and the arrow, and now we're
seeing inside. There's a man up
there upstairs and it looks like
a he's got a drafting board and
he's working hard and a little
red kites trying to come inside
and find him.
but it is that little girl's
kite, and the next thing you
scene, the kite coming from down
the stairs and down the stairs
in the kitchen. There's no one
in the entryway, there's no one.
But there is a little girl in
her room and she's drawing a
magic door again. I think she's
ready to go through the magic
door.
but the dad all of a sudden
turns around and notices the
kite on the floor. So he gets
off from his stool and his draft
board and he picks up the kite.
And he's looking at it.
Then all of a sudden you just
see the draft board and the
chair and the kite. You don't
see the dad.
In the next picture, he's gone
into her room and he notices the
magic door and he's looking
through it. Will, he go through
it?  Let's see.
And he does go through it, and
he's in the magical forest at
the little girl was in earlier
and all. But it's night time and
all the lights are lit up really
brightly and it's so beautiful.
And the rivers there and the
little pier is there and there's
little red ball or something on
the end of the pier.
There's a red ball and the dad
is found that he's picked it up
and he's watching this dragon
ship coming down the lake.
Wonder what it's doing?
Now all of a sudden then dragon
ship comes up to him and he hops
on board the Dragon ship and it
looks like it's going. As soon
as he gets on it starts going
very fast because you can see
the tail bent over. So he's
going very fast on the Dragon
ship.
Always coming to the castle.
Reading and looking and looking.
Wondering what's inside that
castle. Traveled this castle
through the water though. And
the castle still so magnificent.
Many flags on the towers and
domes and so beautiful. And then
across the rivers and a bridge
that runs across and you can
ride over with on the water. And
the little girls are on her
little red boat riding across to
the other side of the castle.
Wonder if the dad will find her.
Dragons boat has stopped and he
jumps off.
And he sees, like a little king
and queen and maybe a Prince and
Princess and a king. Who knows,
ohThere's some magical bird too.
All the soldiers are looking on.
The dad comes and I think he
wants to talk to his daughter.
The king looks at it and the
daughter saying no, I am not
talking to him because he got
hurt her feelings earlier and
ignored her little boy said look
at her. But why what's wrong?
Then I don't know who's on the
driving ship now. Looks like a
soldier. The little boy in it
and the and the king and the dad
and the girl. Looks like they
might be scared. You might want
to run away from this guy.
Not sure, but it does look like
trouble.
Now the sudden all these men are
getting off the dragon boat from
inside and the king saying holds
up a scepter saying no, I'm
going to protect you. Hopefully
he can save them.
the king is throwing something
at them and the little girl,
little boy and dad are very much
afraid. We don't know who these
men are, but looks like they
want trouble.
the king pulls the sword at him.
Now he's pointing the sword in
him.
The man has some kind of magic
box. It took the sword out of
his hand and right inside the
box. Then the soldiers captured
the king. Oh no, the man runs
away with the box. We don't know
where he's going to the soldiers
running
They're coming after the little
girl that dad and the boy with
the little boy is drawing a
picture. Hopefully, if you'll
help them escape and then all he
draws a giant bird. Now they can
run it and escape to the the man
with the magical boxes soldier
there can't get after them
because they're flying away.
Ohh, he's got that magical box,
and the magical box is drawing
in the bird, the bird that's
drawing it inside the box just
like it did the King sword.
Oh no, it might take the whole
bird. What will happen to them
when will they fall in the
water? Will they go inside the
box? No one knows. We'll have to
see. Nope, it just took the bird
in. And guess what? Oh the king
caught the little boy.
He wouldn't fall.
He got him to put him in the
ship that with the dad and the
girl are falling and falling and
falling. Oh no.
They fall in the water. There's
all kinds of little fishes in
the water.
Like that little bird again.
The girl is drawing something,
and then Dad and her underwater,
she's drawing something. I
wonder what she's drawing. She's
drawing a submarine under the
water, so beautiful. There's
different plants and vegetation.
It's seashells and clams. And
they, the dad's driving the boat
and the girls look, the
submarine and the girls looking
out to see where they're going.
They're going on another
adventure.
Now they come to a cave that has
many markings on the wall of
ancient times. That must have
been ancient. People that lived
there, there do all their
stories on their walls.
even through the pictures of
those ships from long ago, they
must have been around for some
time.
No boats, no people and little
animals in this cave that
they've come into. Very
interesting.
She's pointing up, saying ohh
hey there's that box. The Magic
box is up there drawing it.
Hmm. That's where where must
have came from long, long ago.
Her and her dad are looking at
it and birds just sitting there
with him.
who knows what's going to happen
next.
Ohh, here comes the Dragon ship
and the soldiers again, and the
man with the magic box.
what are they gonna do now.
Dad's got a crayon. All of a
sudden, dad's drawing something
draws It looks like almost the
door with the bird hanging on a
perch and the little girl's
going. I don't know what he's
drawing and how this is going to
help us, but I'll keep watching.
Oh, so they're hiding and the
man's taking the bird inside the
box
but wait, it's a trap!
it is a good trap. And the man
gets caught in the trap and he's
caught and they have the magic
box now.
Looks like maybe Dad wants to
break that box. It's probably a
good idea.
Let's see what happens next. He
does. He splashes the box and
the giant bird comes out of the
one they sucked in there. Yay.
The man still in the box is
broken so it can't be evil
anymore. And there's the king
and the boy are happy, and all
the things that they've captured
in that box have been released,
and brilliant colors burn. The
Reds and Greens and yellows and
Blues are just so beautiful. And
the soldiers in the boat are now
are.
afraid of all that stuff.
The soldiers in the boat have
gone away. The King and his son
and the dad and his daughter are
all happy. And the beautiful
colored birds are flying up
above all the birds that have
been captured and the big birds
carrying the man and the cage
far away. I don't know  where he
is taking them, but I think it's
going to be far away. And then
little girls hugging her dad.
Now she's happy with her dad.
Before she wouldn't talk to him.
And now she loves them again. Is
hugging him and the king and son
are watching on as they're
getting ready to enter back
through the door from the magic
land to their home.
#END_return And here we are,
back at the home with the kite
is flying in the sky. But Dad's
not at his drawing desk. He's
not doing his drawings at his
architect desk. No one's in the
house, maybe in the little girl
are outside together.
{All right. So that was the
story going on. Next one.
There's no next one that I put
on here. Just a moment.
What this is saying is I
estimated how many will get
through and you crush the goal,
OK.
Which one?
Is next.}
{Alright.
So the next one will be a
complex scene.
Again, describe what you see and
what is happening.
In about 3 to 5 minutes.}
2#START_being_a_pirate 250 years
ago, being apart shiver me
Timbers.
{Was a real lot of fun being a
pirate back in that day
especially if you were very
hairy and didn't have much going
for him}
{That's pretty funny. If you had
a peg leg and an eye patch,
study was better. A pirates hat
and there you are.}
Now we have a pirate ship, but
we're in the corner.
Lot of pirates getting on and
they're smaller little boat.
of course you have the pirate
flag up there with the skull and
crossbones that mark of the
pirates.
And it looks like they're trying
to take over a ship there.
Giants, yeah. And then one of
the cannons have shot them. The
men upon the birds nest, where
is where you watch out for
everything. And shot them out of
it, and they're all falling in
the water.
Pirates surrounding the whole
boat everywhere. Millions of
pirates around them. Some of the
boats are sinking.
And some of them are getting on
the boat itself, and they're
climbing up those ropes high up
to get the purple that are way
up there, and they're trying to
be saved, but they're fighting
and the pirates look like they
might be winning, which is not a
good thing.
There's just so many pirates
climbing all sides of the boat.
How do you fight them all off?
They're fighting little. They're
firing cannons and bullets at
them, so hopefully they can stop
some of the pirates from getting
on. Oh, there's an octopus out
there. Octopus has a hold of
some of the pirates, they're
helping them out.
And then we have another pirate
ship, and it's got 123 pirate
flags on it, skull and
crossbones on. They're making
somebody walk the plank, and
down below the shark and the
chef hats on, ready to eat.
They're all ready for dinner.
Same let them walk the plank.
That's pretty funny. And they're
firing more cannons at the
boats.
And another one, they're
throwing like they're throwing
fish at them and then them
firing way over there. There's a
man in the tub floating around
for no reason.
That is so silly. Then there's
an island where there's more
pirates. Oh, they're up in the
palm trees, firing at the boats.
falling out of the palm trees.
Pirates everywhere. All the
treasure chest. But guess what?
It's empty.
Somebody must have got the
treasure before they got there.
Dug it up and The thing is
empty. Somebody's in trouble now
for for leading them to an empty
pirate chest. I'll have to go
find who stole the pirate money.
And then, boy, lots of people
are drowning in the water. Or
one guy surfing in the water
with a part of this boat that
broke apart. He's being
resourceful.
On a couple of guys, they even
have little shirts, almost skull
and crossbones.
#END_being_a_pirate Some people
swimming, trying to get to shore
and trying to get back to the
boats on the ship, like all good
ships, has a beautiful woman on
the front of it as a statue to
guide them through the sea. But
this one didn't guide you well
because they ran into pirates.
Pirates are everywhere.
{Alright, so the next one is
also a complex scene.}
#START_unfriendly_giants Ohh,
I'm friendly giants.
And Waldo and Wizard, Whitehead
came to the land of the
unfriendly giants for many
waldos have been before, and
waldo saw that giants were
horribly harassing the little
people. And when he found the
10th scroll, it was time to
continue with his journey. So
apparently this is the land of
the Giants.
They are very big giants, and
their houses look so little and
that's with the little people
live, though, and they're
they're not being nice to little
people at all. They're making
them dig and shovel and then
they're playing a board game of
chess, and I'm moving the
pirates around. I did the chess
or checkers, but they're still
the jumping with the real little
people. It's little people,
little people. Giants are using
them as, as, as.
It's just pawns in a game.
Then they're throwing rocks at
the little people.
And then they're shipping all
the the water, the lakes that
they have, they're drinking them
all dry with their straws.
They're sucking up all the
water.
Then all the little people have
a big catapult thing that's
going to konk on the head of one
of the Giants.
Knock him out.
When there's a two giants in
love.
Big giant lady. I don't think
she's real. She's not real. And
the Giants giving her flowers. I
think she's a statue, right? Oh,
it's a decoy. So they can count
them on the head. Yes. So when
you walked up to her, he's going
to get konked on the head. He's
not a very bright dragon giant.
And then they have oh. Then they
have a they're going to trip
this guy with a noose on a rope
with little people, have him on
one end and the giants going to
trip him with the other end
That's funny.
And guys walking around with
people in his belt, little
people in his belt, that's not
very nice.
Then they got up on the cast and
they're throwing rocks at the
Giants, hoping that'll knock
them out.
There's more of those things
that count them on the head.
Was sitting up there just
looking silly because he got
conked on the head and then the
Giants got taken the the
windmill and spinning it around
really fast. You need that
windmill and the other ones
pulling trees out of the ground
and knocking people out of it.
That's not very nice.
And the one giant is tipping his
hat to the little people. Little
women people. He must think
they're pretty, but he's too big
for them. Way too big for them.
Sure, not knowing what they're
doing with that rope. I think
he's trying to trip that guy,
but the little people might get
caught oh he's got a noose
around the little people too. So
when the giant puts his foot in
that noose, the little people
are going to get swept up
together in a noose. Oh no,
that's very scary.
And then there's some swordsmen
and their horses I guess they're
coming to fight the giants, but
I don't think they have much of
a chance because they're giants
are so big.
Poor little houses.
Ohh over here is another decoy.
Another guy going this is not
bringing her flowers. He's going
to try and kiss her and get
conked on the head.
That's pretty funny. Oh, and
this guy up here walking around
in the river? He's going to get
punched on the side of the face,
so they got to punch in ramming
rod, yeah, but up above him, the
guys lifting the whole house up
the giant hope the people aren't
in there.
On this guy's got a sword
through their house. That's not
very nice.
All the other ones inside the
house because the whole roof is
on his head and they took it off
the off the house. Jeez.
They hope. They hope they can
beat these giants, but I don't
know. There's a lot of them.
#END_unfriendly_giants Bearing
trees everywhere.
{OK, that was good. You can go
on to the next one.}
{This.
All right. So again, describe
the scene.}
#START_picture_this phew look at
all those framed portraits,
although they may be colorfully
different. Some of these are
characters have met on other
travels. There are also some who
appear elsewhere in this book.
can you spot for the characters
that appear twice in this
picture display. Spectacular
display. {My goodness, where do
we start? } Start at the top.
There's a dragon.
And then there's a guy that
looks like he's surfing on top
of a guy laying on the water.
And there's a kid upside down.
And then there's a guy with a
guillotine type of sword and
little doggy.
And then there's a man and a
wheelbarrow pushing the guy.
And there's a camel and there's.
2 characters are dressed up. I'm
not sure why they look like the
clown joke that the castle
jokers.
There's the giant again. Have
his head through the roof. I
recognize him.
There's a rhinoceros.
And there's alien, it looks
like.
There's a guy playing some music
and there's a double headed
fish, fish, 2 heads on each head
on each side of them.
And there's two sumo wrestlers.
And there's a.
Hand.
and there is earrings. You can't
really tell what That is there's
a fish person, the top of this
body's a fish, and the bottom is
legs.
Right there. He's right there.
And then there's a girl, a blue
girl with yellow hair.
Businessman, but he's got fins
on.
Crazy people and these pictures
look kind of silly.
And then we have.
A guy playing, playing a horn,
but it doesn't look like a horn.
It almost looks like an umbrella
he's playing.
there is a dog trying to get
some food or taste of cat up
there? Looks like there's a cat
he's trying to get and a mummy.
A hand with.
Their fingers on it.
and there's a guy inside a suit
of armor punching another guy,
his hands coming out of the
faces suit of armor punching a
guy, there's a woman carrying
off a little man.
And there's a guy floating on
water, and he's got his fins and
his snorkel water just gushing
up on him. A couple guys riding
a rocket. I guess it is.
And there's a guy in it looking
at a girl in a bathing suit.
And the guy walking look like
something's gonna drop on his
head. He better walk a little
faster.
There's a bodybuilder, but he's
opposite. His legs are big and
his top of his body is real
small. He better work out the
top part.
And there's people walking
around their pajamas in a
picture.
#END_picture_this There's a
dragon and a person, and a
dragon doesn't like what the
guy's telling them.
{Did I hang over? Really. Yeah.
Alright, that was good.}
{Yes.
Uh, next one is.
Ooh, this one's fun.}
#START_wild_west Ohh wild wild
west
plenty of saloons and plenty of
hotels.
And the top saloon, the Cowboys
chasing the guy. Ohh, the cops,
the sheriff's chasing. The guy
just robbed the bank or
something because he's got
money. A bag of money with him
so he's chasing after him. And
yeah, the saloon, they have a
bunch of people out there
playing, they've got some
fiddles and guitars and pianos
and they're all playing some
music.
Livery unstable. That's funny
Then there's some regular people
up there watch. Oh, they're
looks like they're filming the
whole thing. They're filming a
movie, that's what it is. They
got a camera and by the director
and everybody's up there in the
movies over there with the
cowboy riding off into the
sunset saying Hi ho, silver,
whatever he's saying he's on a
horse and this horse is rearing
up and they're all waving
goodbye to him. And then
there's.
It looks like doctors all
checking into a hotel.
And the livery unstable livery
stable and the blacksmith
working away and making some
horseshoes.
And, and I'm not sure what
they're doing out in front of
that livery stable. Very
interesting. And it looks like
they're all they're washing out.
Washing out. Ohh, painting a
house up on top here in the old
old More One more saloon. One
more saloon means I guess that's
all they need in this town is
one more.
painting it all red out in front
of it on the deck that some
reason they got a cannon. I'm
not sure why. It doesn't sound
like they're up to anything good
at the Pioneer saloon. Oh, they
got robbed the banks that
sheriff's caught them though.
And the sheriff's have guns on
them now. Taking them probably
to the jail.
And then say these two on top of
this saloon are just up to no
good, like breaking windows,
something in the hotel, or the
hotel's a mess.
People coming out of the
chimneys, windows broken out. I
don't think I want to stay at
that hotel.
And there's plenty. For some
reason, there's a bunch of.
Stamps. That looks like with
bulls on them. Then there's the
jail on The Wanted poster right
by the jail sheriff out in front
of arresting people.
And then over here there's a
bunch of ohh, they're up there
buying stuff on the top of this
saloon and they're all drinking
and having fun.
They're filming in that saloon
too, another movie they're
making in there.
filming all of the people, and
there's a few. One of those big
long pole things for the camera.
Oh, that's for sound, I think.
So they can hear them talking.
And then there there's the bank
over there. Looks like nobody's
nobody's robbing the bank at
this time.
trains coming to town, but the
Stagecoach is crossing, so the
hope rain stops are the
Stagecoach gets across before
the train gets there.
Looks like they're trying to get
that Stagecoach off the train
tracks. Maybe it's part of the
movie, because I see another
camera over there.
#END_wild_west Filming. Yeah. It
was at the filming, the whole
thing.
{Hmm.
OK, that was good.
Couple more.
Ohh.
Just share the right thing
because I don't want to.}
{Get ready.
The next one is.
OK.
This will be the last one we do
today.}
{It's a part of a graphic novel
and it's 3 pages, but each page
has little broken into little
one little page, little
pictures.}
{Describe.
Each.
What you see and what is
happening as you go through the
story.}
#START_arrival-2 In that first
picture, there's some women
woman sitting there looks like
they're getting ready to travel
somewhere because they have
suitcases. And the next one
there's a men are sitting there
with their suitcases too.
And then there's a woman with a
baby, so she's getting ready to
travel also.
Then the man sitting there
writing in his book, not sure
what he's writing, he's writing
a bit and he's writing it. And
then he tears the page out.
Back. He tears the page out.
He's making something and looks
like a little swan bird and a
little bird with it. Whatever he
wrote on that page and he holds
it in his hand, he's looking at
it.
And then the next picture, it's
gone. I'm not sure what he did
with it.
The next picture is walking by.
Then there's a man with a hat
and he's looking away and all of
a sudden he he looks back and
he's looking up in the sky.
And all of a sudden there's a
bunch of those little birds that
he made, million of them flying
all over the sky. And
everybody's looking up at them.
They're on the boat and they're
like little seagulls flying
over. The boat must be traveling
somewhere to another country.
Ohh sure enough, they're coming.
They're coming into port to
another country. There's a lot
of people on that boat and
there's a lot of boats around in
the city. Is in the background,
can barely make out the city.
And the next picture, that road
is coming in and there's two
giant statues. I'm not sure what
they are. One is a bird on them
and one looks like.
maybe a rabbit
I'm not sure. I think it might
be it might be a rabbit too. And
they're shaking hands and
they're and they have giant
suitcase on one and a vase and a
bowl and the other one has a
giant jar and a cup. Not sure
what they're doing there.
Looks like they're welcoming
each other though.
Here comes the ship in the park
and everybody's on deck. There's
a lot of people up there.
And the people?
All gathered together and a
man's making announcements, say
he has a megaphone telling them
what to do, and there are
locking the gates and the people
have got their suitcases and all
their belongings and they're
exiting the ship.
#END_arrival-2 All exiting. Lots
of them. Many of them. And then
they're all in a line with their
suitcases and all their
belongings, waiting for
something. Waiting in a long,
long line.
{OK, that was the story. Let me
see if we have time to do one
more.}
{One more complex scene. What do
you think? OK, why not?}
{Yeah, OK.
But this one is not as busy.}
#START_waldo-1 another waldo
setting off on another event in
he is going on a hike this time
gonna see what we got in this
picture now
It's up above, there's a little
school and everybody's walking
to school and the parents are
walking the kids in and some are
walking by their selves and
they're all going to school.
Street next to the school with
the crossing guard is stop the
cars so the kids can get across
the school safely.
And then across the street, who
knows? It looks like a.
It might be a hospital or
something because I see the
nurse and the doctor and the
ambulance and it looks like
there's been a bike crash, so
they're going out to help the
people.
When you see the people on the
street, there's a fire engine,
fire truck. It's a store where
people are looking in window
shopping and this guy up
watching this TV in the window.
People are saying hello to each
other and down below there's a
shoe store and they're all
looking at the shoes. And then a
ladies at the gas station. Oh,
looks like she crashed her car
though. Looks pretty crashed
out.
Gas pumps there and this little
truck out in front. the
policeman's running over because
there's another Fender Bender
over here. A lot of accidents in
this town.
They're over there, so
policeman's running up so they
don't get in a fight and you can
settle what happened. There's
two policemen running from each
direction. Then there's a bunch
of people going to the Barber
shop. They must all need
haircuts. Very busy day. And a
bunch of them coming out with
their hair already cut. Nice
little Cafe and their guys
pouring coffee, but he's not
paying attention because he's
looking at the pretty girl. It's
spilling coffee all over the
table.
And these guys are working on
the building next door, and then
the guy dropped something that's
gonna fall on this guy's head if
you don't walk too fast enough.
Standing out there in the
center, there's a waterfall, or
there's a guy that that same guy
in the waterfalls, snorkeling
his and his flippers in the
waterfall, having fun.
Guess he's hot.
And that the hotel, there's a
fancy hotel and they're letting
in the guest. There's a doorman
of welcoming them, but there's
mischief on the roof. There's a
guy and there's a cat they're
trying to say they're trying to
get their dog or something from.
They got on the roof. On the
other roof there's cleaners, but
they're not cleaning. They got
buckets on their head and
they're mops and they're playing
swords like they're sword
fighting, I guess.
And that other cleaners, that is
just the other workers just
feeding the birds while they
goof around with their mops and
buckets.
And there's one girl in there
working and another guy working
and couple more people working
in a man walking into his work
guy on a ladder part, cleaning
the windows. Then there's a
little stand where you probably
can buy coffee and stuff that
people are waiting to buy stuff.
stand over there and two little
dogs are saying hi to each other
And there's another little stand
over there. People are ordering
some more stuff.
Or the man and the manhole
cover.
Wonder what he's up to probably
no good and there's an old woman
on a scooter, watch out she will
run you over those ladies on the
scooters.
{I know. I see them all the
time.}
Really a nice scene of lot of
people. A lot of stuff going on
here oh the guy playing a violin
in the middle of the town and
the kids and the dog ear
listening to him play.
#END_waldo-1 The little boy
getting wrapped up at the plant
shop plants all around him.
{OK, we're good.
Yeah.}